In this video you're going to learn how to use hashtags to increase the visibility of your posts.
Now hashtags are essentially just a way to tell instagram what your content is about.
And with that they can group content together.
And one of the cool new features about Instagram is that you can actually now follow hashtags.
So for example on screen you can see hash tag motivation you can see how many posts that applies to
127 million on the opportunity to follow that.
So this is a great way as a as an owner a business owner a personal brand to increase your visibility
because of.
Use the hashtag motivation.
Well then I have the opportunity to appear in front of all those people who are following that hash
tag who are just who or who are just searching for that hashtag.
So what I would recommend you do to get started to understand what hashtags you can use to increase
your visibility is to come in to the discovery tab on Instagram.
By default its going to go beyond the top top here.
But you want to come across to town.
And then you want to type in a hash tag that you think could be related to your business.
So something like motivation for example we can just type that in.
Now the cool thing is is that when you type in one hash tag just like Cannes itself you can see related
cance or related hashtags.
We've got motivation.
We can see determination hard work discipline results.
So what I would start to do is write down these hashtags and if I was creating content similar to what
I can see here and that that I think would be appropriate I can start to note those Dan now another
way to find the appropriate hash tags that are going to get visibility for your posts is to come in
and have a look at some of those top accounts in your Nishan have a look at the hashtags that they are
using.
So if I come into post here we can see that doesn't seem to be hash tags are not all come into this
same so we can see here Debt-Free journey.
That free community and mortgage debt is dumb and if I click into any of these I can see how popular
these hashtags are and so 83000 posts before we saw motivation 127 million site is extremely popular.
It might be hard to catch the attention of people following the motivation hashtag because there's probably
a lot of competition but you can see this hash tag Debt-Free journey is much less competition honest
in terms of only 83000 posts so anybody following this hash tag.
If I use it I have a much better chance of them seeing my posts.
So I would recommend for your own post you want to use maybe 20 hashtags 10 which are big like that
motivation etc. and maybe 10 that are very niche specific like that free journey that is dumb no mortgage
etc..
And on a good way to come in and find out news goals debt free agency debt free seems to be a pretty
big one.
Five hundred thousand posts so you can use maybe those high volume medium or really means you can break
them up but in total you want to be using about 20.
So let me show you actually how to input hashtags.
So while we can see here is Ive got a piece of content that Ive already uploaded and then I can actually
edit this and then I can write a caption.
Now when you upload a new piece of content are going to see the same option to write a caption.
And this is what I recommend you put in your hashtags right when you before you post.
Not like an hour or two after you post it so always include your hashtags before you actually hit the
publish button.
And if I go ahead and start to include some of those hashtags I saw some motivation maybe really high
volume on and we can put in something like results we can see also a very popular one something that
we could do this is kind of an older quote so we could say throwback Thursday.
This is a very popular hashtag t beat t Throwback Thursday.
You can see there and that's kind of appropriate because this is a bit of an older quote and if I was
posting this on a Thursday then that would make sense.
It's actually a Wednesday today.
But you can see that you can include those teams hashtags not happen on Instagram on a weekly basis.
So what else can I put in there.
Maybe I should take learning.
Let's see how popular that one is.
Learning is fun learning so you can see you can just keep including those there as you ones.
And one cool thing is you can also look at this Web site you can type.
Top hashtags on Instagram and if we come in is a pretty cool list here at top dash hashtags dot com
and this can also give you some ideas about what hashtags to use.
So love fashion and beauty happy Qs.
You can see that TB Throwback Thursday.
Very popular.
You can see friends repo's style travel fitness.
No filter.
Amazing Instagram Beej swag motivation you can see number 61.
So those are the three ways that you can identify the hashtags to use.
Number one use that discovery search bar and have a look at those related hashtags.
You can also come into the top influencer accounts and see what really are the hashtags that they are
using.
That could be very neat specific for you and you can also look at the top hashtags on Instagram if you
want to find those really top hashtags that you can encourage.
And remember the key to this and the reason that this gets you more visibility is because people search
for hashtags or even follow hashtags on Instagram.
And so this is an incredible strategy that you can use to increase the visibility of your posts just
by including these simple hashtags and maybe taking a minute or two to that before you post your content.